Why did you suddenly step down? Tell me you're not thinking about I'm not the alpha anymore
If I let the kids know about this, they wouldn't let me do it, but this is too much to risk
It's been confirmed now that the hundreds have missed my life
She's my beloved my biggest regret in this lifetime is not being able to express my love to her in time
Inviting for the bloody moon all my life. I just want to fight for my lover one last time
Before the end of my life
Halleck and Caroline help you sir with Jacob and Paisley still not found we have to focus on the stability of the bloody
I can't let them know and I can't drag the bloody moon into this
That's why I have to rescue her is a civilian not as an alpha. I can't risk a war between the werewolves and the hundreds again
but
They will not treat you with respect
They might even kill you
But your house. I know my health is a period. Okay. That's enough talk
I've made up. There's nothing that can stop me
Esther my love. I'm coming for you